# CS-340
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Consider your work on the CRUD Python Module from Project One, which was used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use CRUD Python module in the future?
  When writing readable and adaptable code, specifically thinking back on the work with the CRUD python module, keeping the codes in workable and readable sections was a big part of this. Each function of the CRUD module has its own responsibility. This includes create, read, update, and delete. Each of these being in their own sections and having their own parts to play makes it easier to identify and fix bugs or issues within the code. Another advantage of working this way allows for the CRUD python module to handle only the database operations, so if something needed addressed or fixed, only one part needed to be fixed without impacting the other areas of code. Creating error handling and logic within the code allowed me to check for specific errors if the output was not as expected. This CRUD python module can be reused in the future because it is adaptable and easily accessible to change. It can be used in cases of needing to connect to other databases like APIs and CSV files. 
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database/dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did you approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques would you use in the future to create dashboards to meet other client's requests?
  To approach a problem as a computer scientist, I first understand the issue and requirements at hand. I focus on making sure the solution allows for productive change and adaptability. In the Grazioso Salvare project, I needed to fully understand the requirements of the client as well as understanding what the dashboard entaled. How the client wanted to interact with the dashboard and the data that needed to be showcased were requirements I studied. In previous assignments, I had not focused on query based language and requirements and did not have a user-centered approach in terms of design. Strategies I would use in the future for other client requests include a detailed understanding of the requirements and specifications, having a flexible and efficient CRUD Module/code overall, and a focus on optimization with indexing and querying with the read and write method. 
# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer Scientists apply logic and principles to solve problems through design, software, systems, and technologies. Writing software, creating databases, designing systems and creating algorithims are all part of a computer scientist's job. This matters because today the world consists of almost everything falls back on technology- especially in business or companies. Having a reliable database, software, technology, and successful solutions to problems that arrise in a business all relay back to wheter a business is successful or not. My work on a company like Grazioso Salvare helps the company to improve becuase it ensures they have the right data management and adaptability. Using the CRUD python module allows for easy access and change to the database as well as help them retrieve data within the collection easier. Overall, having a user-friendly design and accessability allows clients to be able to access, modify, and update data and interact with/leverage data better. 
